Foyer
a small foyer
The entrance to the house. To the immediate east, a double doorway to a bedroom.\nThe tile of the foyer meets up with the carpet of the hall to the north that leads to the living room.\nA small closet can be accessed from here as well.
Living Room, north, Grandma's Bedroom, east

Living Room
a frequently used family room
The main room of the house.\nThe kitchen and dining room can be seen to the east.\nA hallway to the west leads to many bedrooms and the bathroom.\nA set of stairs descends to the lower floor of the house.\nThe foyer lies to the south.
Kitchen, east, Foyer, south, Hallway, west, Entertainment Room, down, Dining Room, east, Office, down

Kitchen
a quaint little kitchen
The place where food is made.\nThe open floor plan allows the kitchen to share its space with the dining room to the north and the living room to the west.
Living Room, west, Dining Room, north

Dining Room
the place to eat.
Directly connected to the southern kitchen and the western living room.
Kitchen, south, Living Room, west

Grandma's Bedroom
she lives quite comfortably.
Bedroom of the matriarch. To the west lies the foyer.
Foyer, west

Bathroom
where you go when you gotta go.
The main bathroom of the house.\nThe only exit is the hallway to the south.
Hallway, south

Boys' Bedroom
smells like armpits.
Where the 2 boys sleep. Perpetually in a state of disarray.\nThe northern door opens to the hallway.
Hallway, north

Girls' Bedroom
please turn down the volume.
Where the 2 girls sleep. Dirtier than the boys' room, but a more pleasant aroma.\nGo north to the hallway.
Hallway, north

Master Bedroom
keeper of the comfiest bed.
The bedroom of the man and woman of the house.\nThe hallway is to the south, while the master bathroom is to the east.
Hallway, south, Master Bathroom, east

Master Bathroom
nice and cozy.
Personal lavatory of the homeowners. Links to the master bedroom to the west.
Master Bedroom, west

Entertainment Room
where gamers get their cramps.
This room contains the majority of video game consoles in the house.\nTo the south, past the stairway to the living room, is the office.\nThe garage rests to the west.
Office, south, Garage, west, Living Room, up

Office
all work and no play.
A makeshift office/workout room/library/storage room. Truly a jack of all trades.\nThe northern stairway to the living room precedes the entertainment room.\nThe laundry room is to the west.
Entertainment Room, north, Laundry Room, west, Living Room, up

Laundry Room
ah, the miracle that is bleach.
Where clothes get washed and dried. Smells surprisingly decent for a place with dirty clothes.\nNestled between the eastern office and the western garage.
Garage, west, Office, east

Garage
vroom vroom room.
The indoor driveway.\nBoth the entertainment room and the laundry room lay east of the garage.
Entertainment Room, east, Laundry Room, east

Attic
the ceiling basement.
Just as dusty and cobwebbed as one would imagine.\nThe only exit is the stairway to the hallway.
Hallway, down

Hallway
connector of many rooms
Protruding west out of the living room, the hallway touches the majority of bedrooms in the house.\nThe attic and main bathroom are also access via this passageway.\nA closet resides at the very end.
Boys' Bedroom, south, Girls' Bedroom, south, Master Bedroom, north, Bathroom, north, Living Room, east, Attic, up
